Develop and develop vehicle technologies at the University of Karlsruhe
construct a racing car since autumn 2007
the team Highspeed Karlsruhe the year 2008
with the homemade car at the start
First of all, we would like to come to Hockenheim with a competition team
go
Of course, we were all able to enjoy the experience of last season
I know what I improve cooking so far forward to be able to get involved
Vinum services in front on the first place and of course the best
Become castration
although I am the whole of this year with the first international event of ours
Inc Italy fries and is like a small exclusive disconnect on the page
by Terence in Fiorano Kolding will face another 35 teams before the
House of Enzo Ferrari
or harsh is the new engine
on long winter evenings he constructed the engine test bench
that was a special challenge
both will mean a lot of coordination work
the most important
Pfister 10 energized to match the emissions
that the engine is running and that we need to achieve per the values ​​the overall package needs
vote
and there will be many tests started
Basically, you have the engine
to start up with new arguments
and then also our own components come along and
be tested and tested
r
the whole thing is going to happen